[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko be, there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
[Odd groans]
-[game guns firing]
-Ha, ha!
Take that, fireball!
And you, you slimy Vortex. You'll see.
You think you're so smart.
Wait till I discombobulate you
into the black hole!
-Odd, you mind cooling it a little?
-[gasps]
Great, thanks a lot.
You just made me miss the bonus ball.
I'm dying from sleep deprivation,
and now you're making me start
-all over again!
-At four a.m.?
[nods]
[groans]
[Odd snoring]
[Ulrich] Odd, wake up.
Time to rise and shine.
Hey, what are you guys dressed
like that for?
It'll come to you. Think it over.
Oh, no, phys ed!
Forget about it, guys.
I can't go.
Galactic Battle totally wiped me out.
I don't think an excuse like that
is gonna sit well with Jim.
Aelita, do me a big favor.
Think of a nice legitimate excuse
so I can stay here and sleep.
Me? What am I supposed to tell him?
-[Odd snoring]
-Thanks a lot!
[theme music]
[Jim] Della Robbia? Della Robbia?
I don't want to have to repeat that.
Della Robbia!
Odd felt sick, so he went
to the infirmary this morning, Jim.
Absent, then.
I guess when you're not feeling well,
the only thing to do is head
for the infirmary.
-Delmas?
-Present.
-De Vasseur.
-Ducros.
-[Ducros] Yeah.
[Jim] You say, present or here,
none of this "yeah" stuff.
-[Ducros] Yeah, okay.
-Hello, Naomi.
How would you feel about having
a fantastic and breathtaking experience
together with me in the moonlight tonight?
You gotta be kidding, you dork!
[Jim] Right. Today,
we're going to work on the high jump.
I won't go to great lengths
to tell you how this kind of sport
can take you to great heights,
so just watch. Demonstration.
Gain momentum…
[panting]
Release and…
[grunts]
[everyone laughs]
I've told you over and over again,
if you insist on doing this,
this is where you'll end up.
Yeah, it's an occupational hazard.
I see you've already sent
Della Robbia home.
Odd? But he hasn't been here at all.
Oh?
[Odd] Well, what kind of lame-o speech
did G.I. Jim bore you with today?
That's the only part I'm sorry I missed.
Every time he opens his mouth,
he cracks me up.
Well, why don't we share
a little laughter in my office now.
Uh-oh.
Please tell me that I'm still sleeping,
and this is a nightmare.
Uh-uh.
You're wide awake, Della Robbia.
You're right about one thing:
this is your nightmare.
[Mr. Delmas] Disappointed.
that is the only word for it.
Miss Stones, Odd,
I am deeply disappointed in both of you.
I agree with that, sir.
Those two took me for some sort of idiot.
You shamelessly acted
with total indifference
to the ethical values
that this institution
was designed to teach you.
You lied, both of you.
Therefore, four hours of detention.
[Odd and Aelita groan]
Really? Only four, sir?
Yes, and that's because I consider myself
to be too--
-Too weak?
-[growls] Magnanimous.
Thanks for the lame excuse, Aelita.
Hey, Odd, how could I know
that Jim would pull his back out
and go to the infirmary?
If you'd taken the time
to think of a better excuse,
I wouldn't have had four hours
of detention!
If you were just a bit less selfish,
you'd realize that I got stuck
with four hours of detention too.
For what? Because you needed your sleep,
you lazy loser!
Hi, Aelita.
How would you feel about having
a fantastic and breathtaking experience
together in the moonlight tonight?
Aelita would rather have detention
than to go out with you!
How nice of you to ask, Nicolas.
Thanks! I'd really like that.
I'm hallucinating.
You're not gonna go out with that nerd?
I'd rather hang out with a nerd,
than a selfish potato head like you.
These fries are tasty.
[Odd groans]
I say something wrong?
Well, it looks as if we've got
a bit of a cold war on our hands.
Listen, you two,
why don't you kiss and make up?
We've got more important things
to worry about.
[Ulrich] Like exploring
the network with the Skid?
[Jeremy] Especially to check out
that sphere you came across
-on your last first trip.
-Great. When do we go?
The longer we wait,
the stronger XANA gets,
so I say we try tonight?
That's if our friends are ready
to bury the hatchet?
As long as I don't have to talk
to that dummy!
Suits me. What would I have to say
to a lazy, selfish brat anyway?
That's progress, sort of.
Hey, Aelita, are we still on for tonight?
I'm sorry. I mean, really I am,
but something just came up.
I've got a…
A… A big test I have to study for.
Yeah, well I guess that figures.
It was too true to be good.
I mean…
You know what I mean, right?
Listen, Herb. How would you feel
about having a fantastic
and breathtaking experience
in the moonlight tonight?
[Herb] Huh?
[reel unwinding]
This is your fantastic
and breathtaking experience,
a dumb fishing trip?
You wouldn't believe how fantastic
and breathtaking it can be
to catch a big fat pike.
You're a clown fish,
you know that, Nicolas?
[shushes]
You'll scare the fish away,
if you talk too loud.
[children panting]
-[Aelita] Take your time!
-Give it a rest?
What is Odd doing out at this hour?
I thought Aelita had a huge test
to study for?
Let's go.
[theme music]
[mechanical clanking]
[snickers]
Odd, aren't you overdoing it a little?
Thanks, Yumi.
It's obvious whose side you're on!
Incredible! You'd think
they were back in kindergarten!
[airlocks seal]
All right now, cool it, guys,
let's concentrate on our mission.
[digital whirring]
Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Odd.
Virtualization.
-[electrical sparking]
-[ethereal music]
[moans]
[hydraulics engaging]
[Jeremy]
Hurry over to your transporter spots.
Doesn't it freak you out
to have a real loser at the controls?
[snickers]
[computer blipping]
-[computer keys clicking]
-Okay, energize!
[power charging up]
[action music]
[electrical sparking]
Ulrich, do you mind asking
that dorky friend of yours
if he still remembers
how to use the Skid?
Cut it out, Aelita. Just ask him yourself.
Good answer, Ulrich.
Hey, you're starting
to get on my nerves, both of you.
Yeah, we've had enough.
If you guys are all finished,
what do you say we take off?
Supports away!
[Aelita] Vertical propulsion operational.
[engines powering up]
[engines blast]
[Aelita] Ready to dive.
[explosive splash]
We're in the network, Jeremy.
Holoweb system connected.
Aelita, set course for bearing 170
and look out for a hub.
[Aelita] Gotcha.
[engines blast]
I'll enter the coordinates of the sphere
that you guys saw
during your last mission.
[Aelita] Hub in sight.
[Jeremy] Are you ready?
[Aelita] Roger.
Hyper-fluid aspiration in three seconds.
[explosive splash]
[Herb] This place is weird.
[whimpering]
Let's get out of here.
It gives me the creeps.
Don't worry. I'm here.
Thanks. Glad to hear it.
[Nicolas] What are you doing up there?
Come down.
I'm scared of heights.
I get really dizzy when I'm high up.
Don't worry, you're only fifteen meters
above the ground.
Nicolas, would you shut up!
Stay where you are. I'll come and get you.
Oh, no, this is horrible.
I don't wanna die now.
I never even got to tell Sissi
that I'm crazy about her.
[whooshing]
[electrical blast]
[Aelita] Retro-brakes.
[keys clicking]
Lights operational.
[sonar beeping]
Jeremy, we're coming to the sphere now.
[Jeremy] Okay, Aelita.
Check the South Pole
for an entry portal, like on Lyoko.
I've got a visual on it.
It's shut. What do I do now?
[Odd] Why don't you knock.
Maybe they'll open up for you.
[Aelita] Rotation.
-Hey.
-[Aelita] Odd?
-[Odd] Yeah?
-[Aelita] Shut up, okay?
-Key activated.
-[beeping]
[Jeremy] There's an access code to crack.
It'll take a couple of minutes.
You can let go now.
Remember what I said
a minute ago about Sissi?
Well, I didn't really say it.
I'll tell Sissi
that you didn't really say you loved her.
You know what I mean.
I mean,
don't tell Sissi what I didn't say.
Hold on.
This looks really ancient.
Think about it. What if the cable snaps,
or the floorboards give way
under our feet,
or the rusty motor quits with us inside,
and we're left here to rot,
-with rats eating away at our insides--
-Okay, I get the idea.
We'll look for a staircase.
You look over there.
[digital whirring]
Okay, I cracked the code.
[Aelita] Way to go, Jeremy!
[mechanical clanking]
[whooshing]
Unbelievable!
You guy are on an exact copy of Lyoko,
except that there's only one sector:
the Forest!
XANA created another Lyoko on the network?
But why?
I have no idea,
but you can bet it's not to save humanity.
Knowing our friend XANA,
I'm sure he's made lots
of other copies exactly like this one.
[Aelita] So do we check it out?
You bet!
I want as much data as possible
on this new virtual world.
Right, energize!
[keys clicking]
[electrical sparking]
All this for a forest territory!
Well, I guess we're not out
of the woods yet.
If we don't want him freaking out
or crying,
I guess someone should laugh at his joke.
I wonder what Aelita
and Odd were doing here.
Well, they're not here now, so let's go.
Hold on. Check out that light.
Okay, what you're gonna do now
is work in groups of two.
One groups goes out exploring
while the other watches the Skid.
[Odd] Right.
I'll work with Ulrich, or Yumi.
For once, he's got a good idea.
[Yumi] I've had it with you two.
Ulrich and I are out of here right now!
-We could use a vacation!
-Yeah.
And you two can fight all you want to,
as long as we're not around to hear it!
[Jeremy] Here come your vehicles.
-[Yumi] Thanks, Jeremy.
-[Ulrich] See ya! Have fun, you two.
[vehicles zooming]
-[container clanks]
-[Herb] Ouch!
[shushes]
Huh?
[whispers] Sorry.
[Jeremy] False alarm, I guess.
[computer alarm beeping]
You could've thought
of a different excuse, you know.
And you could stop thinking
about yourself for once.
[Jeremy] Odd, Megatank at three o'clock!
[laser blasts]
No!
[Odd] Aelita, watch out!
[laser blasts]
[Jeremy]
Ulrich, Yumi, XANA's attacking the Skid.
We need you back there now!
[Yumi] Got it Jeremy. We're on our way.
[vehicles zooming]
Odd, Aelita, listen.
The Skid's shield can't hold out
for much longer.
And without the Skid,
I can't guarantee you a return ticket
into the scanners.
[blasts]
Jeremy, can you generate more power
to the shields?
I think so, but I'll need time.
To reinforce the Skid,
I'll have to re-route a chunk of energy
from the Supercomputer itself.
Isn't taking energy
from the Supercomputer kind of risky?
[Jeremy] We have no choice.
It's the only solution I can think of.
[Odd] When you put your mind to it,
you can come up with good ideas.
Nice one, Aelita.
[lasers blasting]
[click]
[Jeremy] We won't have enough power
to launch a return to the past.
But because XANA hasn't attacked anything
in the real world,
it shouldn't be necessary.
[Herb] What if it's not their voices
we're hearing?
Whose voices do you think they are then?
Ghosts, werewolves, bloodthirsty Draculas.
I wouldn't laugh at things like that,
especially not at night time.
That's ridiculous. Now let's climb.
It's Odd and Aelita,
and I want to catch them red handed.
[groans]
What's wrong with you?
[keys clicking]
[Jeremy] Uh-oh.
I'll bet they came here
to do some industrial espionage.
Odd and Aelita, industrial spies?
In an abandoned factory?
What's wrong with you?
Maybe they're into witchcraft.
I got a huge problem at the factory.
Herb and Nicolas are on the verge
of discovering the Supercomputer.
And it's impossible to launch
a return
to the past.
You can't let those nerds get near
the Supercomputer!
Take care of them, Jeremy.
We can manage without you.
[theme music]
[Herb] I'm not going any further.
I'm stopping.
You're stopping halfway up?
You better believe it!
[metal rattles]
[Herb] Hear that? They're behind us now.
[Nicolas] Then we'll just head back down.
Odd, I saw you!
[lasers blasting]
[tense music]
[Odd] Uh-oh! The Skid's done for
if handsome gets his hands on it.
[Aelita]
I hope Jeremy had time to reinforce it.
[blast]
[shattering]
Sorry, pal, you came a little too late
to wreck everything.
-[blasts]
-[explosion]
[grunting]
-[click]
-Jeremy, reload me, okay?
Oh, bummer, I forgot he's not there.
[sword slices]
[laser blasts]
[Nicolas] You go that way,
and I'll go this way.
[water splashing]
Ah-ha! I got you!
Help me, will you, you idiot!
[splash]
-[action music]
-[sword slicing]
[Odd screams]
[groaning]
[screaming]
[laser blasting]
[airlock releases]
Thanks, Aelita.
[blasts]
[vehicle zooms]
Everyone's knows that speeding
is really dangerous.
-Come on, move it!
-[elevator brakes squealing]
[mechanical clanking]
Looks as if the elevator works fine.
-Jeremy, you're back--
-[Jeremy] Hold on.
I've gotta shut the elevator down.
-[digital blipping]
-[computer keys clicking]
[tapping]
No big deal. We'll just wait them out.
They'll have to come back this way.
[Jeremy] Herb and Nicolas must've seen you
come into the factory with Aelita,
and now they're looking for you.
If it's Aelita and me that they're after,
then I've got an idea
that should get rid of them.
But I'll need for Aelita
to get back here ASAP
and for you to have a…
How can I say this… An open mind.
I don't understand.
-What do you mean by an open mind?
-[Odd chuckles]
[Ulrich] Better face facts, William.
You're not gonna win.
[Jeremy]
Ulrich, we've got an emergency here.
You'll have to devirtualize Aelita.
What? But if he does that,
then who'll pilot the Skid?
[Jeremy]
Yumi, you can do it. I'll guide you in.
-If you say so.
-This is awful.
No sweat. I'll devirtualize you on three.
-One… Two…
-[sword slices]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[electrical sparking]
-[airlock releases]
-Hello.
Well, what now?
Be patient, like when you're fishing.
[Herb groans]
What?
After all this,
you want me to do that?
Well, yeah,
unless you've got a better idea.
[mechanical clanking]
[Nicolas] You'll see,
the early worm catches the bird…
I mean, the fish.
[metal door squeaking]
[kissing sounds]
Hey, you guys enjoying the show?
[both laugh]
[Nicolas] So that's why they were hiding
in the factory.
[Herb] They like each other.
You look awfully serious.
Did I scratch the paint
on the Skid or something?
I'm just worried about this Lyoko copy.
If there's one out there,
it means that there's also
another Supercomputer
infected with XANA
somewhere else on Earth.
To destroy this new Supercomputer,
I'm gonna have to figure out
some sort of way
to materialize you into the real world
from the copy.
Relax, Einstein.
We'll handle that when the time comes.
Are you sure that's your only worry?
Uh-uh. You see guys,
Einstein just found out
what it means to have an open mind.
[both laugh]
[theme music]
[Sissi] So now you've got eyewitness proof
that Aelita's going out with Odd?
That's the dumbest story I ever heard,
since the one about Mr. Chardin's toupee.
No, I tell you I saw them.
It's not a story, it's true.
In fact look, Sissi, here they come.
You dumbbell!
Look who's talking, you selfish loser!
[slap]
[Nicolas laughs]
That should put an end
to any ridiculous gossip.
Well, I don't know.
I don't think you had your heart was in it
when you called me a selfish loser.
-What? Now listen, Odd.
-Chill out, I'm just kidding.
Wow, it doesn't take much to wind you up!
-[both laugh]
-[Aelita] I'm gonna get you!
[theme music]